So we installed Android Studio and launched the app here on an android emulator.
Now let's do the same when I was.
And this as I mentioned before only works on mac os.
You can do this on Windows unfortunately.
The first step there is that you install X code and you do that from inside your app store.
So the app store on your Mac there you can simply search for X code and then install X code.
I already got it installed but simply install it from there.
These are the Apple Developer tools you can only install them on a Mac and you should do so there with
that installed.
Make sure you install the X code command line tools by simply launching X code and there without necessarily
opening a project you don't have to do that.
Going to X code preferences in the top left corner and then make sure you got command line tools installed
here by selecting the most recent entry you have here under a command line tools that is already all
you can now launch a simulator by going to X code and then open developer tool simulator here.
This will now launch up an ISIS simulator.
Here it is booting up.
And for me it picked iPhone X here.
You can change that simulator by clicking on it and then going to hardware here the voice and then selecting
Iaw and you can pick different phones and if you choose a different one year it will launch a new emulator
with that different configuration and here I'll just go with this iPhone X s simulator.
I closed all simulators and then restarted it.
And then it automatically picks the last one you'd show us here and now let's wait for disk to boot
up before we can run our risk native Expo app there.
Here it is running and now again go back to your NPM start process which should be up and running and
in there you can hit I too launched this project on an ISIS simulator.
Alternatively you can always go to the expo def tools in that browser tab and click Run on IAW simulator
there.
That would work as well.
Here you also see some log where it tells you that it's connecting and so on.
So now you're where ask where we want to open as an Expo and the answer is yes.
Just as on Android it automatically installed the expo app so you don't need to do that manually it
does it for you and then it launches does app and launches your project in that app.
So let's again wait for that to finish click.
Got it here.
And here's the app and just as on the real device we can click change text to change to text.
So this is the app now running on simulators.
This is the setup I'll use for the course so that I can show this app on different devices here on the
screen.
You can test it on simulators as well you can test it on real native devices before you ever publish
app.
You should definitely also test on real devices though otherwise you won't know how your app behaves
there.
So using simulators only is not an option but for development it's of course great.